Shengjun, what do you mean?
Do you want to be right with my mother's family?
Don't forget that my birthday gift was also bought from you.
Our family gives you face like this
You disgust me so much.
Yang Tao, you don't think what your parents did
I'll never know
Miss Ou, tell me
Let Master Yang in or not
If Master Yang is not your craft
Then I don't need to participate.
Since Mr. Sheng has spoken
Then forget it.
However, I still want to advise Mr. Sheng
Some rivers and lakes deceive, don't be sober
Okay, Yang Ming.
Since you have an invitation
I won't say anything else, but
This is Grandpa Hou's birthday banquet
At least bring something
Come to the birthday banquet without taking it
Didn't your mother teach you any etiquette?
Who said I didn't bring a gift?
This broken box looks like it was bought at a roadside stall
You poor dick, that's all there is to it
As the saying goes
Courtesy is light and affection is heavy
How about Mr. Hou?
See how much the gift is worth
To determine whether this person is sincere in selling?
Yang Ming, you are talking nonsense.
How could my father be so shallow?
But that's what he meant just now at 5 cm.
I didn't say my throat is shallow.
Besides, my congratulatory gift?
Whether it is light or heavy depends on whether you know the goods or not.
Isn't it just Mr. Sheng supporting him?
Look at him like a nouveau riche
I'm convinced
Wait and see, I must make him look good today